1-for-am-2-for-pm: Press 1 for A.M, or 2 for P.M.
1-yes-2-no: Press 1 for yes, or 2 for no.
1: 1 sec silence
10: 10 sec silence
2: 2 sec silence
3: 3 sec silence
4: 4 sec silence
5: 5 sec silence
6: 6 sec silence
7: 7 sec silence
8: 8 sec silence
9: 9 sec silence
; Silence directory
T-changed-to: [T] has been changed to [Extension Y]
T-is-not-available: [T] is not available 
T-to-disable-ancmnt: [T] to disable this announcement
T-to-enable-ancmnt: [T] to enable this announcement
T-to-hear-cur-ancmnt: [T] to hear the current announcement
T-to-leave-msg: [T] to leave a message
T-to-reach-main-office: [T] to reach the main office
T-to-rec-ancmnt: [T] to rerecord this announcement
T-to-rtrn-to-main-menu: [T] to return to the main menu
a-charge-for-this-svc: A charge for this service
a-collect-charge-of: A collect charge of
a-collect-charge: A collect charge
a-connect-charge-of: A connect charge of
a-connect-charge: A connect charge
abandon-all-hope: Abandon all hope, ye who dial here.
abandons: abandons
ac: AC
academic-support: Academic Support
access-code: Access code:
access-denied: access denied
access-granted: access granted
accessible-through-system: accessible through this system
account-balance-is: Account balance is
accounting: Accounting
accounts-payable: Accounts Payable
accounts-receivable: Accounts Receivable
added-to: added to
address: address
administration: Administration
advised-to-seek-shelter: are advised to seek shelter immediately
after-the-tone: after the tone
afternoon: afternoon
air-conditioner: air conditioner
airport: airport
alabama: Alabama
alarm: alarm
alaska: Alaska
albuquerque: Albuquerque
all-outgoing-lines-unavailable: All outgoing lines are currently unavailable
all-reps-busy: All of our representatives are currently busy.
all-your-base: All your base are belong to us.
altitude: altitude
amp: Amp
ampersand: ampersand
amps: Amps
an-error-has-occurred: An error has occurred.
an-error-has-occured: An error has occurred. (Symlink to 'an-error-has-occurred')
and-area-code: and the area code...
and-or: and/or
and-prs-pound-whn-finished: And press pound when finished
and: and
another-time: another time
approaching: approaching
approximately: approximately
are-you-still-there: Are you still there?(Disbelief)
are-you-still-there2: Are you still there?(Funny)
arizona: Arizona
arkansas: Arkansas
arlington: Arlington
around: around
astcc-account-balance-is: Your account balance is...
astcc-account-number-invalid: Your account number is invalid
astcc-balance-of-account-is: The balance of your account is...
astcc-card-number-invalid: The card number you have entered is invalid.
astcc-digit-account-number: -digit account number
astcc-followed-by-the-hash-key: followed by the hash key.
astcc-followed-by-the-pound-key: followed by pound.
astcc-login12pound: Please enter your 12-digit account number, skipping any punctuation, followed by the pound key.
astcc-please-enter-your: Please enter your...
astcc-skipping-any-punctuation: skipping any punctuation
asterisk-friend: Asterisk is your friend.
at-any-time: at any time
at-customers-request: at the customers request
at-following-number: At the following number
at-sign: at sign
athletics: Athletics
atlanta: Atlanta
atlantic: atlantic
attention-required: Your attention is required
attic: attic
auditing: Auditing
austin: Austin
available-options: available options
available: Available
avg-speed-answer: average speed of answer
away-naughty-boy: He's currently away from his phone, the naughty boy.
away-naughty-girl: She's currently away from her phone, the naughty girl.
baby-sleeping-mode: baby sleeping mode
back: back
backslash: backslash
bad: bad
baltimore: Baltimore
bar: bar
barn: Barn
barns: Barns
barometer: barometer
barometric: barometric
basement: basement
bathroom: bathroom
bearing: Bearing
beaufort: beaufort
because-paranoid: because we're paranoid
bedroom: bedroom
before-the-number: before the number.
believe-its-free: Can you believe this phone system is free?
billing-and-collections: Billing and collections
billing: Billing
billionth: billionth
bits: bits
blue-eyed-polar-bear: Try to spend your time on hold not thinking about a blue-eyed polar bear.
bookstore: Bookstore
boston: Boston
box: Box
brian: Brian
bright: bright
business-development: Business Development
busy-hangovers: We're all busy with our hangovers.
busy-pls-hold: All our lines are currently busy.  Please hold and someone will be with you shortly.
but: but (not emphasized, like "all but me")
by: by
bytes: Bytes
cafeteria: Cafeteria
california: California
call-forward: Call Forward
call-fwd-cancelled: call forward cancelled
call-fwd-parallel: Call-Forward Parallel
call-preempted: This call has be preempted
call-quality-menu: Please rate the quality of the call you just made.  Use the keys one through four to rate the voice quality of the call, with one being the best quality, and four meaning that it was very difficult to understand the other party.  Press five if the call was prematurely disconnected.  Press six if the call was never completed.  Press seven if one direction of the call could not be heard.  Press eight if there were other difficulties.
call-requres: The call you have made requires a...
call-terminated: call terminated
call: Call
callerid: caller id
calls-taken-by: calls are being taken by
calls-waiting-for-rep: calls waiting to speak with a representative
calls: calls
campground-office: Campground office
cannot-complete-network-error: Your call cannot be completed due to network error.
cannot-complete-otherend-error: Your call cannot be completed due to an error at the receiving telephone company.
cannot-complete-temp-error: Your call cannot be completed due to a temporary error
card-balance-is: card balance is
card-is-invalid: card is invalid
card-number: card number
carport: carport
carried-away-by-monkeys: Nobody is available to take your call at the moment.  They have been carried away by monkeys.
cause-code: Cause Code
ceiling: ceiling
celsius: celsius
cent: Cent
central: central
cents-per-minute: Cents per minute
cents: Cents
cents: cents
ceo-office: CEO's office
chance-of: chance of
changing: changing
channel-insecure-warn: This voice path is insecure - do not discuss classified information or use project codewords.
channel-secure: This voice path is secure.
channel: Channel
channel: channel
charlotte: Charlotte
chat-room: chat room
chemistry: Chemistry
chicago: Chicago
chris: Chris
claims: Claims
clear: clear
clearing: clearing
cleveland: Cleveland
clli: CLLI
close-parenthesis: close parenthesis
closet: closet
clouds: clouds
cloudy: cloudy
coffee-pot: coffee pot
collections: Collections
colorado-springs: Colorado Springs
colorado: Colorado
columbus: Columbus
comma: comma
communications: Communications
company-dir-411: To access our company directory, dial 411 or dial zero to leave a message in our general mailbox.
complaint: Complaint
compliance: Compliance
computer-friend1: The computer is your friend.
computer-friend2: The computer is your friend.
conditions: conditions
conf-1-to-list-users: Press 1 to list users currently in the conference.
conf-2-to-kick-nonadmin: 2 to kick all non-administrator users.
conf-3-mute-or-unmute-nonadmin: 3 to mute or unmute all non-administrator users.
conf-4-to-record-conf: 4 to record this conference.
conf-8-for-more-options: or 8 for more options
conf-8-to-exit-return-to-conf: or 8 to exit this menu and return to the conference.
conf-banned: You have been banned from this conference.
conf-hasentered: has entered the conference
conf-onlypersonleft: You are now the only person left in this conference.
conf-peopleinconf: people in this conference
conf-sysop: The sysop
conf-sysopreq: System operator requested.
conf-sysopreqcancelled: System operator request cancelled.
conf-youareinconfnum: You are in conference number...
conference-call: conference call
conference-reservations: Conference Reservations
conference: Conference
confirm-number-is: Your confirmation number is
connected: Connected
connecticut: Connecticut
connecting: Connecting
connection-failed: Connection failed.
connection-timed-out: Connection timed out.
continue-english-press: To continue in english, press
continue-in-english: to continue in english,...
cool: cool
cooling: cooling
copy-center: Copy center
could-lose-a-few-pounds: you could lose a few pounds
counseling-services: Counseling services
count: count
crash: crash
current-time-is: The current time is
currently: currently
customer-accounts: customer accounts
customer-relations: customer relations
customer-service: customer service
cyclone: cyclone
dallas: Dallas
date: date
day: day
daylight: daylight
days: days
dc: DC
deadbeat: Deadbeat!
decibel: decibel
decibels: decibels
deck: deck
decode: decode
default-attendant: default attendant
degree: degree
degrees: degrees
degrees: degrees
delaware: Delaware
den: den
denial-of-service: Denial of service
denver: Denver
department-administrator: Department administrator
department: department
deposit: deposite
design: design
detroit: Detroit
development: development
dew-point: dew point
dial-here-often: So, do you dial here often?
digit: digit
digits: digits
dim: dim
dining-room: dining room
directory-assistance: directory assistance
directory: directory
discon-or-out-of-service: The number you have dialed has been disconnected or is no longer in service.  Please check the number, and try your call again.
disconnected: Disconnected
disk: Disk
distribution: Distrobution
divided-by: divided by
dns: DNS
doing-enum-lookup: Doing an e-num lookup
dont-know-who-sent: I'm afraid I don't know who sent this message
door: door
doors: doors
doppler-radar: doppler radar
down: Down
down: down
driveway: driveway
driving-directions: for driving directions to our location, press
dryer: dryer
duplex: duplex
duplication: dupliction
early: early
east: east
easterly: easterly
eastern: eastern
echo-test: You will now hear your own voice in an echo test.
ed: Ed
eighteenth: eighteenth
eighth: eighth
eightieth: eightieth
el-paso: El Paso
eleventh: eleventh
email: Email
emergency: Emergency
encode: Encode
engineering: Engineering
ent-target-attendant: please enter the number of the extension to use for your target attendant
enter-a-time: Enter a time using 4 digits.  Start with a zero for hours less than ten. 
enter-conf-call-number: Please enter the conference call number for the conference you wish to join.
enter-conf-pin-number: Please enter the conference pin number.
enter-ext-of-person: enter the extension of the person you are trying to reach
enter-password: Please enter your password, followed by the pound key.
enter-phone-number10: Please enter your ten-digit telephone number, area code first.
entering-conf-number: You are entering conference number
enum-lookup-failed: e-num lookup failed
enum-lookup-successful: e-num lookup successful
error-number: Error number
error-number: error number
est-hold-time-is: the estimated hold time is currently
euro: euro
euro: euro
european: european
euros: euros
euros: euros
evening: evening
explanation: explanation
ext-or-zero: Please dial the extension of the person you're trying to reach, or 0 for an operator.
extensions: extensions
facilities: Facilites
fahrenheit: fahrenheit
falling: falling
falling: falling
fan: fan
farad: farad
farads: farads
fast: fast
feet: Feet
feet: feet
female: Female
fifteenth: fifteenth
fifth: fifth
fiftieth: fiftieth
finals: Finals
finance: Finance
first-floor: first floor
first-in-line: your call is now first in line, and will be answered by the first available representative
first: first
flagged-for-lea: has been flagged for retrvial by law enforcement officials
flooding: flooding
floor: floor
floors: floors
florida: Florida
fog: fog
foggy: foggy
followed-by: followed by
food-service: Food service
food-services: Food servies
foot: foot
for-a-daily-wakeup-call: For a daily wakeup call
for-a-list-of: For a list of 
for-accounting: For accounting
for-billing: For billing
for-billing: For billing
for-english-press: For english, press
for-extended-status-report: For an extended status report
for-investor-relations: for investor relations, press 
for-louie-louie: for the lyrics to louie, louie, press 
for-no-press: for no, press
for-qc-and-training-purposes: For quality control and training purposes
for-quality-purposes: for quality assurance purposes
for-quick-status-report: For a quick status report
for-sales: For sales
for-service: For service
for-tech-support: For tech suppory
for-tech-support: For technical support
for-the-first: For the first
for-the-weather: For the weather
for-wakeup-call: For a wakeup call...
for-wx-report: For a weather report
for-yes-press: for yes, press
for: for
fort-worth: Fort Worth
fortieth: fortieth
fountain: fountain
fourteenth: fourteenth
fourth: fourth
foyer: foyer
freeze: freeze
freezing: freezing
frequency: Frequency
fresno: Fresno
from: from (empasized)
front: front
ftp: FTP
furnace: furnace
gale: gale
gambling-drunk: We're off gambling and getting drunk.
game-room: game room
garage: garage
georgia: Georgia
gigabits: Gigabits
gigabytes: Gigabyes
gigahertz: Gigahertz
giggle1: giggle
gmt: greenwich mean time
go-away1: Go away!
go-away2: Go away (playful)
good: good
good-afternoon: Good afternoon
good-evening: Good evening
good-morning: Good morning
great-room: great room
greater-than: greater than
groovy: groovy
guest-room: guest room
gust: gust
gusting-to: gusting to
gusts: gusts
gusty: gusty
hail: hail
half: half
hall: hal
hang-on-a-second-angry: I said HANG ON a second!
hang-on-a-second: Hang on a second...
hangup-try-again: Please hangup and try your call again.
has-arrived-at: has arrived at
has-been-changed-to: has been changed to
has-been-cleared: has been cleared
has-been-disconnected: has been disconnected
has-been-left: has been left
has-been-set-to: has been set to
has-been: has been
has-expired: has expired
has-issued-a: has issued a
has-not-been-seen-for: has not been seen for
has: has
hash: hash
hash: hash
hawaii: Hawaii
headed-towards: Headed towards
heading: Heading
health-center: Health center
hear-odd-noise: to hear an odd noise, press 
hear-toilet-flush: to hear a toilet flush, press 
heat-index: heat index
heat-pump: heat pump
heat: heat
heating: heating
hectopascal: hecto-pascal
helpdesk: Helpdesk
hertz: Hertz
high: high
highway: Highway
hit: hit
hold-or-dial-0: Please continue to hold or dial zero to leave a message in our general mailbox.
home: home
honolulu: Honolulu
hot-tub: hot tub
house: house
housekeeping: Housekeeping
houston: Houston
http: HTTP
human-resources: Human Resources
humidity: humidity
humidity: humidity
hundredth: hundredth
hurricane: hurricane
hz: Hertz (again?)
i-dont-understand: I don't understand. (emotionless)
i-dont-understand2: I... don't understand. (confused?)
i-dont-understand3: (faint laugh)I don't understand.
i-dont-understand4: I... don't... understand. (William Shatner-like)
i-dont-understand5: Um, I don't understand. (spoken quickly)
i-grow-bored: I grow bored of this conversation.
ice: ice
icmp: ICMP
icy: icy
idaho: Idaho
if-grtg-played-indefinately: if this greeting should be played indefinately
if-grtg-should-expire-at: if this greeting should expire at
if-maint-contract-or-emergency: If you have a maintenance contract or require emergency assistance.
if-rotary-phone: If you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line after the menu.
if-this-is-correct-press: if this is correct, press
if-this-is-correct: If this is correct...
if-this-is-not-correct: If this is not correct...
if-u-know-ext-dial: If you know the extension of the party you wish to reach, dial it now. 
if-unsuccessful-speak-to: In case I am unsuccessful, you should speak to...
if-you-know-the: if you know the
if-you-need-help: if you need help
if-youd-like-to-make-a-call: If you'd like to make a call...
illinois: Illinois
im-sorry-unable-to-connect-to-eng: I am sorry, but I was unable to connect you to our on-call engineer.
imap: IMAP
in-service: In service
in-the-line: in the line
in-the-queue: in the queue
in-the: in the
in-your-city: in your city
in-your-zip-code: in your zip code
inbound: inbound
inch: inch
inches: inches
indiana: Indian
indianapolis: Indianapolis
indicated: indicated
information-technology: Information Technology
information: information
infuriate-tech-staff: to infuriate our tech staff with your obvious questions, press [X]
initiated: Initiated
initiating: Initiating
inside-sales: Inside Sales
internal-audit: Internal Audit
international-call: International call
international-call: international call
interstate: Interstate
intruder: intruder
invalid-date: invalid date
investor-relations: Investor Relations
iowa: Iowa
is-at: is at
is-curntly-busy: is currently busy
is-curntly-unavail: is currently unavailable
is-currently: is currently
is-not-in-the: is not in the...
is-not-set: is not set
is-now-being-recorded: is now being recorded
it-now: it now
it-services: IT Services
jacksonville: Jacksonville
janitorial: Janitorial
jason: Jason 
jedi-extension-trick: This is not the extension you are looking for.
john: John
just-kidding-not-upset: Just kidding; didn't mean to get you all upset.
just-kidding-not-upset2: Just kidding; didn't mean to get you all upset.
kansas-city: Kansas City
kansas: Kansas
kelvin: kelvin
kentucky: Kentucky
kilobits: Kilobits
kilobytes: Kilobytes
kilohertz: Kilohertz
kilometer: Kilometer
kilometer: kilometer
kilometers-per-hour: kilometers per hour
kitchen: kitchen
knock-knock: Knock knock!
knots: knots
lamp: lamp
lamps: lamps
landscape: landscape
language: Language
large: large
las-vegas: Las Vagas
last-error-was: The last error on this line was...
last-num-to-call: The last number that called your line was...
late: late
later: later
laundry: laundry
lea-may-request-info: Law enforcement officials may request this information
left-bracket: left bracket
legal: Legal
len: Len
less-than: less than
library: Library
library: library
light: light
lightning: lightning
lights: lights
limit-simul-calls: To protect Internet bandwidth and maintain call quality, this system has a limit on the number of simultanious calls.
lines-complaining-customers: All lines are full of complaining customers.
linux: Linux
list: list
living-room: living room
load-average: Load average
local-authorities: local authorities
locked: locked
locking: locking
login-fail: Login fail
long-beach: Long Beach
los-angeles: Los Angeles
loss-prevention: Loss Prevention
loss: Loss
lots-o-monkeys: (sound effects of many angry monkeys)
louisiana: Louisiana
low: low
lunch: lunch
lyrics-louie-louie: [
        Louie Louie, me gotta go
        Louie Louie, me gotta go
        Fine little girl she waits for me
        Me catch the ship for cross the sea
        Me sail the ship all alone
        Me never thinks me make it home
        (chorus)
        Three nights and days me sail the sea
        Me think of girl constantly
        On the ship I dream she there
        I smell the rose in her hair
        (chorus, guitar solo)
        Me see Jamaica moon above
        It won't be long, me see my love
        I take her in my arms and then
        Me tell her I never leave again]
machine: Machine
made-it-up: Just because I made it up doesn't mean it isn't true.
mail: Mail
mailbox: mailbox
mailroom: Mailroom
main-menu: Main Menu
maine: Maine
maintenance: Maintenance
male: Male
management: Management
manufacturing: Manufacturing
marketing: Marketing
marryme: Will you marry me?  Press 1 for yes or 2 for no.
maryland: Maryland
massachusetts: Massachusetts
master: master
mathematics: Mathematics
maximum: maximum
megabits: megabits
megabytes: megabytes
megahertz: megahertz
memory: memory
memphis: Memphis
menu: menu
mesa: Mesa
message-from: message from
message-number: Message number
meter: meter
meter: meter
meters: meters
meters: meters
miami: Miami
michigan: Michigan
midnight-tomorrow-night: midnight tomorrow night
midnight-tonight: midnight tonight
midnight: midnight
mike: Mike
miles-per-hour: miles per hour
miles: miles
millionth: millionth
milwaukee: Milwaukee
minimum: minimum
minneapolis: Minneapolis
minnesota: Minnesota
minute: minute
missed: missed
mississippi: Mississippi
missouri: Missouri
mist: mist
mist: mist
misty: misty
monitored: monitored
montana: Montana
month: month
months: months
moo1: Moo!
moo2: mooooo!
morning: morning
moron: Moron! (said by an angry Allison)
mostly: mostly
motor-pool: Motor Pool
mountain: mountain
moving: moving
ms: milliseconds
nashville: Nashville
national-weather-service: National Weather Service
nautical-miles: nautical miles
nbdy-avail-to-take-call: Nobody is avaialble to take your call.
near: near
nebraska: Nebraska
negative: negative
network-operations-center: Network Operations Center
network-operations: Network Operations
nevada: Nevada
new-accounts: New Accounts
new-hampshire: New Hampshire
new-jersey: New Jersey
new-mexico: New Mexico
new-orleans: New Orleans
new-york: New York
nineteenth: nineteenth
ninetieth: ninetieth
ninth: ninth
no-112-1: this line does not support one one two services [quickly]
no-112-2: this line does not support one one two services
no-911-1: this line does not support nine one one services [quickly]
no-911-2: this line does not support nine one one services 
no-empty-conferences: No empty conferences currently exist.
no-info-about-number: no further information is available about this number
no-longer-in-service: is no longer in service
no-reply-no-mailbox: you cannot reply to this message because the sender does not have a mailbox
no-route-exists-to-dest: No route exists to the dialed destination.
nobody-but-chickens: Nobody here but us chickens!
node: node
north-carolina: North Carolina
north-dakota: North Dakota
north: north
northeast: northeast
northerly: northerly
northwest: northwest
not-auth-pstn: You at not authorized to call out using the PSTN
not-enough-credit: You do not have enough credit to dial this number.
not-necessary-1: It is not necessary to dial a 1 when dialing this number.
not-necessary-ac: It is not necessary to dial the area code when dialing this number.
not-necessary-dial-1-or-ac: It is not necessary to dial a 1 or the area code when dialing this number.
not-rqsted-wakeup: You have not requested a wakeup call.
not-taking-your-call: The party at the number you have dialed has decided not to take calls from your number at this time.
not-yet-assigned: has not yet been assigned
not-yet-connected: is not yet connected.
nothing-recorded: nothing has been recorded
now: now.
num-not-in-db: Number not found in database.
num-outside-area: The number you are calling is outside of your local calling area. Please dial...
oakland: Oakland
octothorpe: octothorpe
off-duty: Off duty
off: off
office-code: office code
office-iguanas: The office has been overrun with iguanas.
office: Office
office: office
ohio: Ohio
ohm: Ohm
ohms: Ohms
oklahoma-city: Oklahoma City
oklahoma: Oaklahoma
omaha: Omaha
on-busy: on busy
on-monthly-tel-stment: on your monthly telephone statement
on-no-answer: on no answer
on: On.
on: on
one-small-step: That's one small step for Asterisk, one giant leap for mankind.
one-small-step2: That's one small step for Asterisk, one giant leap for mankind.
oops1: Oops
oops2: Oops (laughy)
oops3: Oops (long o)
open-parenthesis: open parenthesis
open: open
operations: Operations
option-is-invalid: That option is invalid. Please try again.
option-not-implemented: That option is not implemented.
or-press: or press
or: or
or: or
order-desk: Order Desk
orders: Orders
oregon: Oregon
other-options-exercise: All other options are left as an exercise for the caller.
otherwise-press: otherwise press
otherwise: Otherwise...
our-business-hours-are: Our business hours are
outbound: Outbound
outside-sales: Outside Sales
outside-transfer: outside transfer
pacific: pacific
packet: packet
panic: panic
partially: partially
partly: partly
pascal: pascal
pascal2: pascal2
patchy: patchy
patio: patio
pence: Pence
pennies: Pennies
pennsylvania: Pennsylvania
penny: Penny
percent: percent
percent: percent
perhaps-we-are: Perhaps we're
perhaps-we-are2: Perhaps we're
period: period
personnel: Personnel
persons-in-path-of: Persons in the immediate path of the
philadelphia: Philadelphia
phoenix: Pheonix
phone: phone
physics: Physics
pin-invalid: That pin is invalid for this conference.
pin-number-accepted: Pin number accepted
ping: Ping
pipe: pipe
planning: Planning
play-room: play room
play: play
please-answer-the-following: Please answer the following...
please-contact-tech-supt: Please contact technical support
please-enter-first-three-letters: Please enter the first three letters of your party's first or last name.
please-enter-the: Please enter the
please-enter-your: Please enter your
please-hang-up-and-dial-operator: Please hang up and dial the operator.
please-hang-up-and-try-again: Please hang up and try again.
please-try-again-later: Please try again later.
please-try: please try
please-wait-connect-oncall-eng: Please wait, and I will attempt to patch you through to our on-call engineer.
pls-ent-num-transfer: please enter the number to use for call transfer
pls-enter-conf-password: Please enter the conference password
pls-enter-num-message-after-tone: Please enter your numeric message after the tone.
pls-enter-vm-password: Please enter your voicemail password
pls-entr-num-uwish2-call: please enter the number you wish to call
pls-hold-silent30: Please hold (silence for 30 seconds)
pls-lv-msg-will-contact: Please leave a message after the tone and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.
pls-rcrd-name-at-tone: please record your name at the tone.
pls-stay-on-line: Please stay on the line and your call will be answered by the next available representative.
pls-try-again: Please try again!
pls-try-area-code: please try area code
pls-try-manually: Please try manually.
pls-wait-connect-call: Please wait, while I connect your call.
plugh: Plugh (ploo-g)
pm-announcement-number: Annoucement number
pm-phrase-management: Phrase management.
pm-prompt-number: Prompt number...
pm-to-record-phrase: To record a phrase
pm-to-review-phrase: To review a phrase
point: Point
point: point
pool: pool
pop: POP
porch: porch
port: port
portland: Portland
portnumber: port number
position: position
post-entry-pound: digit account number, skipping any punctuation, followed by the pound key.
pounds: pounds
power-failure: power failure
presales-support: Presales support
presidents-office: Presidents office
press-0: Press 0
press-1: Press 1
press-1: Press 1
press-2: Press 2
press-2: Press 2
press-3: Press 3
press-3: Press 3
press-4: Press 4
press-4: Press 4
press-5: Press 5
press-5: Press 5
press-6-to-eject: or press 6 to eject the last user.
press-6: Press 6
press-6: Press 6
press-7: Press 7
press-7: Press 7
press-8: Press 8
press-8: Press 8
press-9: Press 9
press-9: Press 9
press-button-again: Press that button again!
press-enter: Press Enter
press-escape: Press Escape
press-hash: Press Hash
press-hash: Press hash
press-pound-save-changes: Press pound to save your changes.
press-pound-to-login-star-to-hangup: Press pound to login to voicemail, or * to hangup.
press-pound: Press Pound
press-pound: Press pound
press-return: Press return
press-star-cancel: Press star to cancel.
press-star: Press star
press-star: Press star
press-the-space-bar: Press the space bar
press-tilde: Press tilde
press: Press
pressure: pressure
pressure: pressure
printing: Printing
privacy-blacklisted: Blacklisted
privacy-blocked: Blocked
privacy-if-error-leave-message-or-hangup: If you feel this in error, or unjust, please leave a message after the tone. Otherwise, please hang up now.
privacy-if-error: If you feel this is in error...
privacy-if-sales-call-contact-in-writing: If this is an unsolicited sales or marketing call, please be advised that we only wish to be contacted in writing.
privacy-last-caller-was: The last caller was...
privacy-not: NOT
privacy-please-dial: Please dial...
privacy-please-stay-on-line-to-be-connected: Please stay on the line to be connected.
privacy-screening-unidentified-calls: Due to the huge number of unsolicited calls we recieve, we are now screening all inbound calls where a caller ID is unavailable or withheld.
privacy-stop-calling-not-welcome: Please stop calling.  You are not welcome here.
privacy-stop-calling-not-welcome2: Please stop calling.  You are not welcome here. (annoyed)
privacy-this-number-is: This number is...
privacy-to-blacklist-this-number: To blacklist this number...
privacy-to-hear-our-contact-details: to hear our contact details
privacy-to-whitelist-last-caller: To whitelist the last caller...
privacy-to-whitelist-this-number: To whitelist this number...
privacy-whitelisted: whitelisted
privacy-you-are-blacklisted: You have been blacklisted on this system.
privacy-you-are-calling-from: You are calling from...
privacy-your-callerid-is: Your Caller*ID is...
product: Product
production: Production
projects: Projects
protocol: protocol
psi: psi
public-relations: Public Relations
purchasing: Purchasing
purposes: Purposes
q-dot-931: q.931
q-dot-9thirty1: q.9-thirty-one
quality-assurance: Quality Assurance
quality-control: Quality Contol
quarter: quarter
quickly: quickly
quiet-mode: quiet mode
quote: quote
race: Race
rain: rain
rainfall: Rainfall
rainy: rainy
range: Range
reassigned-new-areacode: has been reassigned in another areacode
rebates: Rebates
received: received
receiving: Receiving
reception: Reception
recorded: recorded
registrar: Registrar
remote-already-in-this-mode-2: The remote is already in this mode.
remote-already-in-this-mode: remote is already in this mode.
remote-base: Remote Base
repair: Repair
repeat-only: Repeat Only
repeater: Repeater
research-and-development: Research & Development
research: Research
reservations: Reservations
reset: reset
restarting: Restarting
rhode-island: Rhode Island
right-bracket: right bracket
rising: rising
rising: rising
risk-management: Risk Management
roaming: Roaming
roof: roof
room-service: Room Service
room: room
rooms: rooms
route-sip: Your call is being routed over SIP.
rqsted-wakeup-for: You have requested a wakeup call for...
sacramento: Sacramento
saint-louis: St. Louis
sales-floor: Sales Floor
sales: Sales
san-antonio: San Antonia
san-diego: San Diego
san-francisco: San Francisco
san-jose: San Jose
save-announce-press: To save this announcement, press
say-temp-msg-prs-pound: say your temporary message and then press the pound key
says-thats-stupid: says that's a really stupid thing to do.
scattered: scattered
sciences: Science
seattle: Seattle
second-floor: second floor
second: second
secretary: Secretary
secure: secure
security-system: security system
security: Security
self-destruct-in: This system will self destuct in...
self-destruct: Self destruct
server: Server
service-not-implemented: That service is not implemented.
service: Service
set: set
seventeenth: seventeenth
seventh: seventh
seventieth: seventieth
severe: severe
shall-i-try-again: Shall I try again?
shiny-brass-lamp: There is a shiny brass lamp nearby.
shipping: Shipping
shop: Shop
show-office: Show Office
side: side
sighted: sighted
simplex: Simplex
sixteenth: sixteenth
sixth: sixth
sixtieth: sixtieth
sleet: sleet
sleeting: sleeting
slow: slow
slowly: slowly
snow: snow
snowing: snowing
snowy: snowy
software: software
solar: solar
someone-you-trust1: Someone you trust is one of us.
someone-you-trust2: Someone you trust is one of us.
someone-you-trust3: Someone you trust is one of us.
sorry-cant-let-you-do-that: I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
sorry-cant-let-you-do-that2: I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
sorry-cant-let-you-do-that3: I'm sorry, I can't let you do that.
sorry-mailbox-full: Sorry, but the user's mailbox can't accept more messages. 
sorry2: We're sorry, but we are not able to answer your call at this time.
south-carolina: South Carolina
south-dakota: South Dakota
south: south
southeast: southeast
southerly: southerly
southwest: southwest
spam: Thank you for calling Special Price Analysis and Marketing.  For cheap generic Vallium, Xanex or Viagra press 1.  For Gucci and Rolex replicas please press 2.  To enlarge your penis or breasts, please press 3.  To speak with the Minister of Finance of Nigera about a 50 million dollar account, press 4.
spam2: Spam
speak-louder-into-phone: please speak louder, or speak directly into the telephone to ensure a clear recording
speak-louder: please speak louder to ensure a clear recording
speak-to-the-operator: speak to the operator
speed: speed
splat: Splat
sprinklers: sprinklers
ssh: SSH
staff: staff
staffing: staffing
standard: standard
star-for-menu-again: Press the star key to hear this menu again
starting-with-either: starting with either
station: station
status: status
steady: steady
step-in-stream: You step in the stream, but the water has moved on.
sterling: sterling
still: still
store-accounting: Store Accounting
storm: storm
stove: stove
sump-pump: sump pump
sun-room: sun room
sun: sun
sunny: sunny
support: Support
swap: Swap
system-crashed: The system has crashed
system-status-msg: Please listen carefully to the following system status message.
system: System
system: system
systems: Systems
systems: systems
talking-to-myself: Am I talking to myself?
target-attendant: target attendant
tcp: TCP
technical-support: Technical support
telephone-in-your-pocket: Oooo! Is that a telephone in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
telephone-in-your-pocket2: Oooo! Is that a telephone in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
telesales: Telesales
teletubbie-murder: has been brutally murdered and mutilated by the Teletubbies. 
telnet: Telnet
temp-disconnected: has been temporarialy disconnected
temperature: temperature
temperature: temperature 
tennessee: Tennessee
tenth: tenth
terabits: Terabits
terabytes: Terabytes
terminated: terminated
terminating: terminating
test-tones-follow: Test tones follow.
texas: Texas
thank-you-cooperation: Thank you for your cooperation.
thank-you-for-calling: Thank you for calling.
thanks-for-calling-today: Thanks for calling today.
thanks-for-using: Thanks for using
that-is-not-rec-phn-num: That is not a recognized phone number
that-number: that number
that-tickles: Oooh, that tickles!
that-you-require: that you require
the-mailbox: The mailbox
the-monkeys-twice: The monkeys!  THE MONKEYS!
the-new-number-is: The new number is
the-next: the next
the-num-i-have-is: the number I have is
the-number-u-dialed: The number you have dialed
the-party-you-are-calling: The party you are calling
the-weather-at: the weather at
then-press-pound: then press pound
there-are: There are...
there-is-no-customer-support: These is not customer support.
thermostat: thermostat
these-are-currently: these are currently
third: third
thirteenth: thirteenth
thirtieth: thirtieth
this-call-may-be-monitored-or-recorded: This call may be monitored or recorded
this-call-may-be: This call may be
this-call-will-cost: This call will cost...
this-call-will-end-in: This call will end in
this-is-the-voice-mail-system: This is the voicemail system
this-is-yr-wakeup-call: This is your wakeup call.
this: this
thnk-u-for-patience: thank you for your patience
thousandth: thousandth
through: Through
thunderstorm: thunderstorm
tide: tide
time: time
times: times
to-accept-recording: to accept this recording
to-be-called-back: To be called back when a representative is available, press-- 
to-blklist-last-caller: To blacklist the last caller, press...
to-blklist-last-num: To blacklist the last number, press...
to-call-num-press: To call this number, press...
to-call-prson-w-sent-msg: to call the person who sent this message
to-cancel-this-msg: to cancel this message
to-cancel-wakeup: To cancel a wakeup call...
to-change-exp-date: to change the expiration date
to-change-your-pin-number: To change your pin number
to-collect-voicemail: to collect voicemail
to-compose-a-message: to compose a message
to-confirm-wakeup: To confirm a wakeup call...
to-control-environ-sys: to control environmental systems
to-control-lights-appl: to control lights and appliances
to-dial-by-name-press: to dial by name, press
to-dial-by-name: To dial by name...
to-enter-a-diff-number: to enter a different number
to-enter-a-number: to enter a number
to-erase-yr-temp-grtg: to erase your temporary greeting
to-hang-up-2: To hang up
to-hang-up: To hang up (slower)
to-hear-callerid: To hear the Caller*ID of the last call
to-hear-menu-again: to hear this menu again
to-hear-msg-again: to hear this message again.
to-hear-msg-envelope: to hear the message envelope
to-hear-net-status: to hear current network status,...
to-hear-weather-status: to hear weather status,...
to-hear-your-account-balance: To hear your account balance
to-join-a-meeting: to join a meeting
to-leave-message-for: To leave a message for
to-log-in-to-voice-mail: To log into voicemail
to-place-outgoing-call: to place an outgoing call
to-reach-first-rep: To reach the first available representitivie
to-reach-operator: To reach the operator
to-reach-operator: to reach an operator
to-rec-yr-temp-grtg: to record your temporary greeting
to-record-call: to record call
to-redial-the-last-number-you-called: To redial the last number you called
to-report-emergency: To report an emergency...
to-report-system-network-down: To report a system or network down
to-rerecord-announce: To rerecord this announcement, press
to-rerecord-yr-message: to re-record your message
to-rmv-num-blklist: To remove a number from the blacklist, press...
to-rqst-wakeup-call: To request a wakeup call...
to-send-a-reply: to send a reply
to-snooze-for: To snooze for...
to-use-def-attendant: to use the default attendant, just press pound
tomorrow-night: tomorrow-night
tones-that-follow-are-for-the-deaf: The tones that follow are for the deaf.
tonight: tonight: 
too-low: too low
tornado: tornado
touchtone1: If you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hangup, go to a phone store, and purchase one of those new fangled inventions called a touch tone phone.
touchtone2: And if you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hello, there's this thing call touch tone sweety you might want to look into.
touchtone3: If you're calling from a rotary dial phone, hangup, go to a phone store, and purchase one of those 21'st century new fangled inventions called a touch tone phone.
towards: towards
tower: tower
trading-desk: Trading Desk
traffic: Traffic
training: Trading
transportation: Transportation
travel: Travel
treasury: Treasury
tucson: Tuscon
tulsa: Tulsa
turn-off-recording: to turn off call recording
turning-to: turning to
twelveth: twelveth
twentieth: twentieth
twisty-maze: You are in a maze of twisty little menus, all alike.
typhoon: typhoon
udp: UDP
uh-oh1: Uh oh!  [in a cutesy, Teletubbie's like voice] 
uh-oh2: Uh oh!  [in a cutesy, Teletubbie's like voice] 
uk: UK
unavailable: Unavailable
unconditional: unconditional
units: units
unix: Unix
unlocked: unlocked
unlocking: unlocking
up: up
up: up
uptime: uptime
user: user
users: users
utah: Utah
variable: variable
vermont: Vermont
virginia-beach: Virginia Beach
virginia: Virgina
visibility: Visibility
visit-asterisk-website: Visit the asterisk website at w w w dot asterisk dot org
voice-mail-system: Voice Mail System
volt: Volt
volts: Volts
wait-moment: Please wait a moment.
wait-offensive-sounds: Please wait one moment while I access our gigantic library of offensive sounds!
wakeup-call-cancelled: Your wakeup call has been cancelled.
wakeup-call: Wakeup call
wakeup-daily: Daily Wakeup Call
wakeup-for-daily: For daily wakeup calls...
wakeup-for-one-time: For a one-time wakeup call
wakeup-onetime: One-time wakeup call
walks-into-bar-mail: A man walks into a bar, sits down and ... welcome to Comedian Mail!
warning: warning
was-last-seen: was last seen
was: was
washing-machine: washing machine
washington-dc: Washington, DC
washington: Washington
watch: watch
water-heater: water heater
watt: Watt
watts: Watts
we-apologize: we apologize
we-dont-have-tech-support: We don't have tech support.
weasels-eaten-phonesys: Weasels have eaten our phone system.
weather-station: weather station
weather: weather
web: web
weeks: weeks
welcome: welcome
well-pump: well pump
were-sorry: We're sorry...
west-virginia: West Virgina
west: west
westerly: westerly
what-are-you-wearing: What are you wearing?
what-time-it-is: Do you have any idea what <emph> time </emph> it is?
what-time-it-is2: Do you have any idea what <emph> time </emph> it is?
when-dialing-this-number: When dialing this number...
who-would-you-like-to-call: Who would you like to call?
why-no-answer-mystery: Your call is important to us, but exactly why we haven't answered it yet is a mystery even to us.
wichita: Wichita
will-apply: will apply
will-expire: will expire
will-not-expire: will not expire
will-reflect-charge-of: will reflect a charge of 
wind-chill: wind chill
wind: wind
window: window
windows: Windows
windows: windows
winds: winds
windy: windy
wisconsin: Wisconsin
wish-to-continue: do you wish to continue?
within: within
work: work
wrong-try-again-smarty: Wrong, wrong, wrong.  Try again, smart guy.
wtng-to-spk-w-rep: waiting to speak with a representative
www-switchboard-com: www.switchboard.com
wyoming: Wyoming
xmas-lights: Christmas lights
xmas-tree: Christmas tree
yard: yard
yeah: Yeah!
year: year
years: years
yes-dear: Yes, dear. (annoyed)
yes-dear2: Yes, dear. (playful)
you-are-caller-num: you are caller number
you-are-curr-call-num: you are currently caller number
you-can-press: You can press
you-dialed-wrong-number: You have dialed the wrong number.
you-have-dialed: You have dialed:
you-have-reached-a-test-number: You have reached a test number.
you-have-these-options: You have these options.
you-must-first-dial: You must first dial
you-seem-impatient: You seem impatient
you-sound-cute: So, _you_ sound cute.
you-wish-to-join: you wish to join
your-account: Your account
your-msg-has-been-saved: Your message has been saved
your-msg-is-too-short: your message is too short
your-temp-greeting: your temporary greeting
zip-code: zip code
alert: alert
cc-amex: American Express
cc-discover: Discover
cc-mastercard: Mastercard
cc-visa: Visa
invalid-featurecode: I'm sorry.  That feature code is not supported.  Please try again.
pls-hold-process-tx: Please hold while we process your transaction.
privacy-restricted-by-req: ...restricted by customer request.
tt-codezone_MIXDOWN: This highway leads to the shadowy tip of reality: you're on a through route to the land of the different, the bizarre, the unexplainable...Go as far as you like on this road. Its limits are only those of mind itself. Ladies and Gentlemen, you're entering the wondrous dimension of imagination. Next stop....The Code Zone.
tt-codezone: This highway leads to the shadowy tip of reality: you're on a through route to the land of the different, the bizarre, the unexplainable...Go as far as you like on this road. Its limits are only those of mind itself. Ladies and Gentlemen, you're entering the wondrous dimension of imagination. Next stop....The Code Zone.
tt-hangup: Press 1 to end this call, or any other key to hangup.
tt-monty-knights: Go and boil your bottoms you silly english kniggggits. I fart in your general direction.  Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries. Now go away or I shall taunt you a second time.
tx-has-been-approved: Your transaction has been approved.
your-notifications: ...your notifications.
your-req-notification: ...your requested notification.
account_number: Your account number
after_tone: After the tone
andnowstandby: Please stand by for 10 minutes of your life you'll never get back
at_tone: At the tone
awkward: Awkward (sung)
binary: Thank you for calling. We are unavailable to take your call at this time so have forwarded your call to a Babbage difference engine for parsing and transcription. To avoid errors please leave a message in words of one syllable or less and avoid run-on sentences. You may also leave a message in binary using the words one and zero or oh. Thank you.
bombsquad: Thank you for calling. Your anonymous tip has been recorded and the bomb disposal team has been dispatched to your location. No further action is required unless you require a clean pair of shorts. We cannot help you there.
challenge_try_again: That's ok. I like a challenge.  Let's try one more time.
closed: closed
comedyclub: Thank you for calling to inquire about our comedy club. It is available for loan to discourage further dissemination of bad puns. Please leave contact information after the tone.
countdown: Thank you for calling. Self destruct has been initiated will occur in thirty seconds. If you believe you have reached this destination in error please enter the twelve digit abort code now or hang up and seek shelter immediately.
crashing_conf: Are you crashing this conference?
current_account_balance: Your current account balance is
donotcall1: This number is listed on the Do Not Call list.  Your number has been logged.  If you feel you have reached this number by mistake you may push one now to record a message.  Feel free to leave your own home number so that we may return your call to your home at a time of our choosing.
donotcall2: Please add this number to your do-not-call list.
eletelephony: "Once there was an elephant,
Who tried to use the telephant.
No! no! I mean an elephone
Who tried to use the telephone.
(Dear me! I am not certain quite
That even now I've got it right.)
Howe'er it was, he got his trunk
Entangled in the telephunk;
The more he tried to get it free,
The louder buzzed the telephee
(I fear I'd better drop the song
Of elephop and telephong!) 

[An Eletelephony Poem by Laura Elizabeth Richards]"
enter_account: Please enter your account number.
error: Error
feeling_lucky_punk: "You've got to ask yourself one question:  'Do I feel lucky?'... Well, do you, punk?"
followed_hash: . . . followed by the hash key.
followed_pound: . . . followed by the pound key.
forget_about_it: Fuggetaboutit. {read in the style of Tony Soprano}
get_bleep_outta: That's great! Now get the f*%# out of here!
get_information_first: Can I get some information from you first?
get_information: I just need to get a little information from you.
get-in-line-sales-guy: Thank you for calling. We answer calls by appointment only. Our first available appointment is approximately 90 days from today. To schedule an appointment, press 1 and leave the date and time of your requested appointment and a home phone number. We will contact you early next weekend if it is available. To repeat this message, press 2.
grammar: Thank you for calling. Please leave a message after the tone. In order to eliminate phone spam and phishing your message will be reviewed by an English major (or majorette) and if found to contain grammatical, tense or structural errors it will be discarded. Please enunciate clearly to avoid issues related to homonyms. Thank you and have a nice day.
goodbye_for_the_best: Goodbye. No, really, it's probably for the best. Goodbye.
goodbye_love: Goodbye. Thank you for trying out the Asterisk open source PBX. You love it, right?
got_kidding: OMG - You've got to be kidding.
hal_goodbye: this phone call can serve no purpose anymore. Goodbye.
happy_saved: I'm happy to tell you, your message has been saved.
is: is
keywords_cross_fingers: Please enter one or more keywords separated by star, cross your fingers, and then press the pound key.
like_to_tell_valid_ext: I'd like to tell you that's a valid extension but I can't. Try again.
martini: I'm afraid that I'm unable to create a connection to the Digium Demonstration Asterisk server.  Believe me, I'm frustrated too.  You may find some helpful debugging information on the Asterisk console. I'm going for a martini.
messages_curious: To look into your messages press 1 now.  Come on, you know you're curious. If you're so done with this you may quit voicemail at any time by pressing the pound key.
mind_repeating: Would you mind repeating that?
minions-not-answering-leave-message: I'm sorry, my minions could not connect your call so please leave a message.
mode: mode
night: night
no_invite_to_conf: That PIN number is invalid for this conference.  Is there a chance you weren't invited?
no_longer_conf: . . . is no longer in the conference.
no_problem_help: No problem. I can help you with that.
no_worries_try_again: No worries. Let's try again.
none_of_my_business1: . . . Is unavailable. I have no idea what they're up to. None of my business!
none_of_my_business2: Nobody is available to take your call at the moment. I have no idea what they're up to. None of my business!
not_me: It's not me, it's you.  Let's find an agent.
not_pass: You shall not pass!
not_you: It's not you, it's me.  Let's find an agent.
not_siri: I think you may have me confused with Siri.
off: off
OfficeSpace: Hello, just a moment.
ogm_home: There is no one to answer your call right now.  Please leave a message and someone will return your call.
on: on
open: open
passwords_not_match: The passwords you entered and re-entered do not match.  I don't know what to tell you.  Please try again?
pin_number: your PIN number.
please-hold-minion-connect: Please continue to hold while my minions attempt to connect your call.
please-hold-while-minion: Please hold on while I find a minion to answer your call.
press_pound_hash_key: press the pound or hash key.
press_pound_hash: press pound or hash.
press-or-say-0: Press or say zero.
press-or-say-1: Press or say 1
press-or-say-2: Press or say 2
press-or-say-3: Press or say 3
press-or-say-4: press or say 4
press-or-say-5: Press or say 5
press-or-say-6: Press or say 6
press-or-say-7: Press or say 7
press-or-say-8: Press or say 8
press-or-say-9: Press or say 9
prime_number: To proceed, please enter any 7-digit prime number followed by the pound key.
prompt-not-found: The prompt file was not found.
quality_control: For quality control purp.. (laughs) for quality control purposes, this call (laughing) may be...
Randulo-allison: Allsion
regret_not_saved: "I regret to tell you:  your message has not been saved."
repeat_pin: I'm going to repeat your PIN number back to you.  I think you said
said_hold_on: I said hold on!
saleshell: Please leave a message after the tone, if this is a Sales please call press 5 now
sendhelp: Thank you for calling. Your location has been identified and a SWAT team has been dispatched to your location. No further action is required by you. You will be rescued shortly.
SIP_Test_Failure: Keep at it bozo!
SIP_Test_Success: Your test has succeeded and the SIP device or standard compliance your are attempting to fix has worked. Please enjoy your work until something else breaks.
sorry_caller_number: "I'm sorry to tell you, you are currently caller number: "
sorry_didnt_get: I'm so sorry. I didn't get that.
sorry_login_incorrect: Sorry. Login incorrect. Give it another try.
sorry_missed: I'm sorry, I missed that.
sorry_no_messages: Sorry, no more messages. Your wish is my command. Totally.
sorry_didnt_quite_get: Sorry, I didn't quite get that.
sorrydave: I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that.
still_on_phone: is still on the phone.  Jeepers. Chatty Cathy!
sure_help: Sure. I can help you with that.
talkin_me: Are you talkin to me?
telemarketercalling: Telemarketing calls have been reported originating from your number.
thank_you_calling: Thank you for calling.
thanks-annoyance: Thank you for calling. Please hold a moment while I locate someone who will put up with your constant complaining and whining.
timewarp: Due to the transient appearance of a time warp in the vicinity no one will be here to answer for at least the next century. Please leave a message after the tone and we will respond at least one month prior to your call. Thank you and have a nice day.
tone_time: "At the tone, the time will be: "
transfer_to_agent: I think I should transfer you to an agent.  Hold on.
unicorn_blood_MIXDOWN: Asterisk is an open source full featured PBX and IVR platform that runs on the Linux operating system and a little bit of unicorn blood.  For more information visit Asterisk.org.
unicorn_blood: Asterisk is an open source full featured PBX and IVR platform that runs on the Linux operating system and a little bit of unicorn blood.  For more information visit Asterisk.org.
unwelcomecall: Your call is not welcome.
watson: I'm sorry, the person you've reached is not named Watson. We would be glad to come to your assistance but have to pick up the kids at soccer practice first. We will return your call as soon as possible.
whoareyou: May I ask who's calling?
wish_command_totally: Um. Would you mind if I showed you how we do it in Canada?
woo_hoo_call_first: Woohoo! Your call is now first in line and will be answered by the next available representative.
you_say_yes: Ray, when somebody asks you if you're a god, you say YES!
yourcallisimportant: You call is important to us. That's why you'll be hearing the same 10 second loop for the next half hour at a charge of 12 cents per minute
yourcallisimpotent: Your call is impotent to us.
zombies: Due to the presence of zombies at the location you have dialed the office has been evacuated. Please leave a message and we will return your call as soon as possible, unless of course the Apocalypse occurs first. In this event we'll likely have other priorities. 
pls-listen-options-changed: Please listen carefully as the menu options have changed.
